Add support for loading core add-ons from the `packages` folder defined in Volto's `package.json` (#3871)
plone/volto: docs/source/configuration/core-addons.md

> # Volto Core add-ons

Reviewer: This filename should align with its title. Please rename and move to `developer-guidelines/core-add-ons.md`, and update the indexes accordingly.

Author: Done.

Volto has the concept of "core add-ons".
They are add-ons that are always installed in Volto.
They are located separately from the main code in the `packages` folder.

> These add-ons can be released as standalone add-ons, and used in projects that are using versions of Volto that does not have them by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These add-ons can be released as standalone add-ons, and used in projects that are using versions of Volto that do not have them by default.
```

Another useful use case is the introduction of new or experimental features that need to be developed side-by-side with core Volto, but not enabled by default.

> The idea is that, if needed, you can use these packages released as standalone add-ons installed in your old Volto projects to test them or to have a bleeding edge feature without having to upgrade to the latest Volto version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use these packages released as standalone add-ons installed in your old Volto projects to test them or to have a bleeding edge feature without having to upgrade to the latest Volto version.
```

## Enabling a core add-on

This is a feature that only spans in Volto core itself, so it does not apply to projects or add-ons.
The core add-ons are enabled in Volto's own `package.json`.
It uses the key `packagesFolderAddons`:

```json
  "packagesFolderAddons": {
    "volto-slate": {
      "package": "@plone/volto-slate"
    }
  },
```

> The structure is similar to `mrs-developer.json` one, so the key is the name of the folder, then an object with at least the key `package` with the name of the package that is going to be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The structure is similar to `mrs-developer.json`.
The key is the name of the folder, then an object with at least the key `package` with its value as the name of the package that is going to be used.
```
